hi dad
hey kiddo
oh my gosh do you look beautiful you
live how's your mom's hip
good thanks good he thinks you're my
girlfriend grace
been busy yeah dean's traveling with
clients all the time and
i'm just the buzzkill waiting to
schedule things
just i'm so stuck so dean's going away a
lot huh
on business trips dad raise your hand
if that sounds fishy he's not like you
he's a good guy a great dad sure it's
nature
males are forced to fight to dominate
and to impregnate all females
maybe he's just not interested in me
anymore impossible
a woman is at her most beautiful between
the ages of 35 and 39.
great so i have many months
left felix you're back in town been busy
yeah got a lot going on
do you he should be worshiping the
ground you walk on and if he's doing
something dishonorable you need to know
what if dean's just busy i'm in a rut
that's it
i think we should follow him what i
think you better see him in action
this is your idea of incognito
here's the plaza this is the place to
have an affair has the most taxes
exits on three streams
can you just act a little less excited
about this because
this is my life or it might be falling
apart
i don't know why women get plastic
surgery because of men like you
i prefer the factory original yeah and
every other make and model
thank you i'm gonna take that as a
compliment are there two
oh scared me
[Music]
you